# Overview

I am new user trying to learn react and redux. I have created this project to try and use a higher component to listen for errors notified from the redux store, targeted for components, via their id. I am assigning an id to components using [cuid](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cuid). If the higher order component detects errors filtered from the store it will render them, otherwise the base wrapped component will be rendered. The code for the higher order component is in _src/higher-order-components_ folder.

In this example the base component (PostsListConnected within src/containers/PostsList) retrieves posts from [jsonplaceholder](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/posts). redux-observable is the middleware used to retrieve post resources from _jsonplaceholder_ by dispatching an _ALL_POSTS_REQUEST_ action. A network connection failure is randomly simulated by the middleware epic to trigger an _ERROR_NOTIFY_ action that the higher order component subscribes to.

This project was initially created to aid with understanding for stackoverflow question, raised [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59036508/why-is-dispatch-property-undefined-for-a-connected-wrapped-component-within-a-co?noredirect=1#comment104316034_59036508). The issue raised there is not currently manifested here and seems to be working....However, a different issue is arising, i.e. the component id used to filter the errors in the redux error store is undefined. This is reflected in the console logs. The source code for the filter is in _src/fatures/errors/selectors.ts_ and is connected to the redux store in the Higher Order Component.

How can the higher order component filter the errors on the redux store by the component id that it is assigning to it's wrapped base component? Currently, it is undefined in the selector console log.
